== What is Picnic? ðŸšš

Picnic is rethinking the way people buy food. Without physical stores,
we use an app-only approach and a user-centric philosophy, to make
grocery shopping quick, simple, and fun.

Starting in one Dutch town in 2015, we now serve over 60 cities in both
the Netherlands and Germany. The secret to our success? An end-to-end
business and a just-in-time supply chain. From the app-only store,
forecasting of orders, warehouse fulfilment, to the evolving
distribution strategy of our fleet of electric vehicles, we build
everything in-house on our own developed software.

The team has expanded from 10 to over 200 in 3 years. Growth has been
exponential and we're not the only ones to say so. With multiple awards
to our name and a Series B funding round of 100 million, we have become
true disruptors in some of the most challenging industries: inner-city
logistics, e-commerce retail and enterprise software. And thanks to our
people-first attitude and a friendly delivery team, we become part of
every neighbourhood we serve.

image::epv_amersfoort.jpg[EPV Amersfoort]

Technology, smart planning, and a fleet of electric vehicles lead to
less food waste and fewer food miles. Picnic is competitive and
sustainable.

Software is helping us lead a grocery revolution. But we don't just sell
apples. Our entire operation is run in-house: the supply-chain,
forecasting, warehouse systems, partnership and fleet strategies. From
the backend to the front, we're pioneering development in e-commerce and
urban logistics.

With a data-driven approach and an app-only store, Picnic has become
Europe's fastest growing online supermarket.

image::epv_canal.jpg[EPV Canal]

We value freedom and responsibility. There's always room to design
unique solutions and upset the status quo. In a dynamic atmosphere,
diverse teams collaborate on projects, taking ideas from the drawing
board to implementation. We're all curious, and everyone is hungry for a
challenge.

Picnic started small, and our roots have never been forgotten. Real
customers are involved day-to-day in the development of our product. We
have a weekly user-testing session and a dedicated customer success
team. This allows us to continue creating products that people love,
complemented with first-class service and a modern flair.

image::epv_windmill.jpg[EPV Windmill]

At Picnic, our team works hard on a rewarding project: to lead a grocery
revolution in a tech-driven, sustainable, and affordable way.

By bringing minds with assorted backgrounds together, we unlock the
potential of diversity. From data scientists, analysts, in-house
consultants, to software developers, everyone combines forces to bring
simplicity out of complexity and run company changing projects.
