== What you'll love about working @ Picnic

📱 *Directly influence customers' experience:*

Tens of thousands of people use our app on a daily basis, not just to
browse, but to order real groceries delivered to their homes. Working at
Picnic means having an impact on the customer's experience and helping
them make their grocery shopping as simple and fun as possible. We make
our service innovative and easy because we like to save people time, not
consume it.

🚚 *Improve urban living:*

Our electric Picnic Vehicles (ePVs) are small, clean and electric:
perfectly suited to delivery in the urban environment. The fleet of 600
ePVs is deployed on an evolving distribution system. This intuitive and
efficient system ensures that we only visit the same street once a day.
So with each order, we ease inner-city traffic and reduce transport
emissions. Making cities and neighbours greener, cleaner and safer.

👨🏽‍🎨👩‍💼👩🏻‍🔧 *Work in cross-functional teams, revolving around products:*

Owning an entire supply chain and running all software in-house means we
have many products (e.g. our Warehouse Management System, the Purchase
Order Management, or the customer-facing app). Each of which is handled
by complementary teams of front- and back-end engineers working together
to get the best possible results.

🏦 *You get to be the business:*

Everyone involved in Picnic, from marketing to finance, owns his or her
part of the business. Want to start a new project, experiment with a new
technology, or organize the next team event? Just do it! The business
belongs to you as much as to anyone else.

🏆 *Do code reviews on the blockchain:*

Code reviews are at the core of our development, but it's not always
fun. We want everything to be interesting so we've put code reviews on
the blockchain. You can find out more in this article.

🧔👩🏿🧒🏻 *Be part of an international, friendly, and helpful team:*

With more than 25 nationalities, we are a very diverse bunch. This mix
of backgrounds means we are a very open-minded team, happy to help
anyone with (almost) anything, but also a friendly group of colleagues
who like to hang out outside of work, as much as working with one
another. We're a group of friends who like to hang out outside of work,
as much as working with one another.

👩🏾‍🏫👨🏼‍🏫 *Develop yourself and your career:*

Constant development is one of our core beliefs. Not just for the
business, but also technology and our team.

Want to attend a tech meetup? Just let us know, and we'll support you
however required.

Fancy learning Dutch? Then join one of our free weekly classes (all
levels covered 😉).

Looking to develop your developer skills? Then join the Picnic Tech
Academy, a monthly meeting where the tech department comes together to
discuss a new technology, and where everyone shares their knowledge.

Or maybe you'd like to improve your professional skills? Then join the
Picnic Fundamentals Program, where you'll get to learn all the basics of
the professional world with online content and classroom workshops.
